# SNHU--CS255
CS 255 System Analysis and Design
  The project for this class was a system analysis and design for a client named DriverPass who wished to create an online system for their student driver training program. The system was to be a cloud hosted system that would allow students, instructors, and administrators access to features like a scheduling calendar for driving lessons, practice excams, student notes, account management, and various reports generation. This sytem would allow all the employees, customers, and the owner work together in a system that kept all their functions in one place.

  I had most success and ease with the UML diagrams and overall system design. Once I had extracted the information from the interview and did my research on various options for the system, designing and modeling the design were very straight forward. My issue was more with the analysis and initial requirements document. Thinking in such a way that translates needs and wants to software applications and requirements is still new to me. I still dont quite have the detailed level of thinking and breakdown when it comes to the techincal and procedural side of software aplication. I thnk the requirements document could have been much stronger overall, and I now have a better idea of the concepts I need to look into when gathering this information.

  The users needs are the most important part of laying a solid foundation for s system design project. Ultimately, this is the main reason there is a poject to work on in the first place. To ignore the client needs would mean to set yourself and the client up for failure. The system needs to function in a way that is efficient and straight forward for the client. As long as we keep the clients needs at the forefront, a lot of the design falls into place itself, and it is up to us to simply fill in the banls with technical detail.
